The subject is "mind." The subject is mind. The object is ever used. In other words, the object is
sent to beings. The subject is our mind.
And the mind has no measurements. Can we measure our mind? No, we cannot measure our mind.
No, we cannot measure the mind. Therefore, also we cannot measure love. We cannot measure
compassion.
We cannot measure joy. We cannot measure the economics. They are measureless.
Why does it not become immeasurable now many times? Because of our ego clinging. Ego clinging is
making restrictions.
Otherwise, love is immeasurable, compassion is immeasurable, joy is immeasurable, and nature or
economy or balance is immeasurable.
So, bring out that quality, exactly as it is, then known as immeasurable.
And when we are emanating love and compassion, joy and equanimity, descent into beings, does that
make shortage our love and compassion?
Shoulder, you are like, kind of like, finished, finished, exhausted? No. It is, there is a blend of
more. It is just continually more.
More is therefore, it is called immeasurable. Object level is immeasurable, subject is immeasurable
, beneficial level is immeasurable.
Beneficing omega in level to this, again, more the subject, object level.
Benefiting to the object level, immeasurable, it really benefited to all sentient beings.
As we spread out, to every sentient beings are going to benefit by that.
So, object level is immeasurable. Subject level is immeasurable, benefit is immeasurable.
It cleanses and purifies all of our obscurations.
That you read, I mean, we read a lot of those teachings, by love and conviction, what's the thing?
Developing that strongly beautiful is really cleansed, purified, inhaled, healed.
So many things, it is so true.
It benefitted to you, it benefitted to the others, and that was in the Buddha taking over and said,
dual purpose.
Performing the goals of others, performing the goals of one's own.
So it is, developing the bodhic jata, perform in the regular state, is what is called here, win-win
situations.
That's it, win-win situation.